Clarify that the ACS is a minimal information model (#352)
ietf-rats-wg/draft-ietf-rats-corim: draft-ietf-rats-corim.md

If a CoRIM profile is specified, there are a few well-defined points in the procedure where Verifier behaviour depends on the profile.
The CoRIM profile MUST provide a description of the expected Verifier behavior for each of those well-defined points.

> Verifier implementations MUST provide the specified information model of the ACS at minimum following phase 4 as described in this specification.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Verifier implementations MUST provide the specified information model of the ACS at minimum following first four phases as described in this specification.
```
